# Error Codes

<table><thead><tr><th width="77">Code</th><th>Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>0</td><td><code>NO_ERROR</code></td><td>Not a failure.</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td><code>UNAUTHORIZED</code></td><td>The sender is not authorized to perform this action.</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td><code>BAD_INPUT</code></td><td>An invalid argument was supplied by the caller.</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td><code>COMPTROLLER_REJECTION</code></td><td>The action would violate the comptroller policy.</td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td><code>COMPTROLLER_CALCULATION_ERROR</code></td><td>An internal calculation has failed in the comptroller.</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td><code>INTEREST_RATE_MODEL_ERROR</code></td><td>The interest rate model returned an invalid value.</td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td><code>INVALID_ACCOUNT_PAIR</code></td><td>The specified combination of accounts is invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td><code>INVALID_CLOSE_AMOUNT_REQUESTED</code></td><td>The amount to liquidate is invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>8</td><td><code>INVALID_COLLATERAL_FACTOR</code></td><td>The collateral factor is invalid.</td></tr><tr><td>9</td><td><code>MATH_ERROR</code></td><td>A math calculation error occurred.</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td><code>MARKET_NOT_FRESH</code></td><td>Interest has not been properly accrued.</td></tr><tr><td>11</td><td><code>MARKET_NOT_LISTED</code></td><td>The market is not currently listed by its comptroller.</td></tr><tr><td>12</td><td><code>TOKEN_INSUFFICIENT_ALLOWANCE</code></td><td>ERC-20 contract must <em>allow</em> Money Market contract to call <code>transferFrom</code>. The current allowance is either 0 or less than the requested supply, repayBorrow or liquidate amount.</td></tr><tr><td>13</td><td><code>TOKEN_INSUFFICIENT_BALANCE</code></td><td>Caller does not have sufficient balance in the ERC-20 contract to complete the desired action.</td></tr><tr><td>14</td><td><code>TOKEN_INSUFFICIENT_CASH</code></td><td>The market does not have a sufficient cash balance to complete the transaction. You may attempt this transaction again later.</td></tr><tr><td>15</td><td><code>TOKEN_TRANSFER_IN_FAILED</code></td><td>Failure in ERC-20 when transfering token into the market.</td></tr><tr><td>16</td><td><code>TOKEN_TRANSFER_OUT_FAILED</code></td><td>Failure in ERC-20 when transfering token out of the market.</td></tr></tbody></table>
